Calendar View Extension Control (#11)
SAP-samples/cloud-mdk-samples: Showcase_Apps/CalendarViewExtensionApp/README.md

# Calendar View Extension App

This is a showcase application that demonstrates how to implement the Calendar View for Android as Extension Control.

*Last Updated: 05-Dec-2021*

### Author
* Robin Kuck ([GitHub](https://github.com/robinkuck), [SAP Community](https://people.sap.com/kucki99))

***

## Requirements

### Supported Platforms

* Android

### MDK Client Version

* MDK 6.1 or higher

### Data Source

* Mobile Services Sample OData ESPM (destination created as SampleServiceV2)

***

## Key Highlights

> * Filtering of Object Table by selected date using implementation of Extensions `OnValueChange` event. (Note: You might not see any Sales Orders in the table. Read below on how to add additional Sales Orders)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Filtering of Object Table by selected date using implementation of Extensions `OnValueChange` event. This event is currently not supported in the layout editor, open the `Calendar.page` in code editor to access it. 
    >You might not see any Sales Orders in the table. Read below on how to add additional Sales Orders)
```
